Deprecate short-typed wait/test & update tables to std AMO (#3)
naveen-rn/specification: content/shmem_wait_until_any.tex

    TYPE cmp_value);
\end{C11synopsis}

> where \TYPE{} is one of the point-to-point synchronization types specified by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where \TYPE{} is one of the standard \ac{AMO} specified by
```

Table \ref{stdamotypes}.

\begin{Csynopsis}
size_t @\FuncDecl{shmem\_\FuncParam{TYPENAME}\_wait\_until\_any}@(TYPE *ivars, size_t nelems, const int *status,
    int cmp, TYPE cmp_value);
\end{Csynopsis}

> where \TYPE{} is one of the point-to-point synchronization types and has a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where \TYPE{} is one of the standard \ac{AMO} types and has a
```
